Refine README.md (#15)
zauguin/install-texlive: README.md

           package_file: tl_packages
```

### Enabling updating cache using a workflow trigger

One can inclue a cache referesh using GitHub's `workflow_dispatch` functionality:

```yaml
name: check
on:
  push:

>   pull_request:

Reviewer: Running this on `push` and `pull_request` seems weird since it wouldn't have the `cache_version` parameter there and the regular pipeline should refresh the cache anyway.

Author: In that case, the empty string is passed as parameter, which "magically" works (then they key at that "area" is then `__` instead of `_0_`).

  workflow_dispatch:
    inputs:
      cache_version:
        description: 'Cache version for install-texlive'

>         default: '0'

Reviewer: If I see this correctly this requires the user to manually specify the current `cache_version`. This seems rather error-prone since specifying anything else than the one used in the actual main workflow would generate a cache which is completely ignored afterwards.

I think I'm failing to see the use-case here. If this is used it doesn't seem to use anything which isn't done anyway by a regular run.

Author: Maybe, it's to edge casy: My thing is, that I have a block of time for texlatex now and then - and not on a regular basis. Last time, TeXLive was released I needed to refresh the cache of all install-texlive-based workflows. Later that week, a refresh of newtxtt was required. I think, the latter one is automatically supported by install-texlive, the former not. Since this is a once-a-year thing, maybe, it is only for pro-users...

I'll close and hope, there will be a fix for automatic TL 2023 to TL 2024 updates. Refs https://github.com/zauguin/install-texlive/issues/16.

jobs:
  build:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v4
      - name: Install TeX Live
        uses: zauguin/install-texlive@v3
        with:
           package_file: tl_packages
           cache_version: ${{ github.event.inputs.cache_version }}
```

## Caching

The directory `~/texlive` is automatically cached.

> The cache is updated if it originiates from the previous day (or earlier).
> A cache refresh can also be forced by changing the `cache_version` parameter.

Reviewer: This seems a bit misleading since it misses the difference between an update which happens after a day and a full reinstallation which happens only with `cache_version`. Maybe
```suggestion
The cache is updated if it originiates from the previous day (or earlier).
A full cache regeneration can be forced by changing the `cache_version` parameter.
```
